---
layout: page
title: perovskite
description: effect of external electric fields onto optoelectronic properties
img: assets/img/perovskite.jpg
importance: 1
category: work
giscus_comments: false
---

Lead halide perovskites are ionic crystals written as APbX3, in which A represents a monovalent cation and X is a halogen anion. They have attracted extensive attention in the past few years as one of the most promising materials for practical applications such as photovoltaics and light-emitting diodes. Much of the early work involved hybrid organic–inorganic perovskites such as methylammonium (A = CH3NH3+) lead halides. However, these materials show thermal instability and are subject to adverse influence of the environment, for example, water-induced degradation, which limits their commercial applications. Cesium lead halides (A = Cs+) as fully inorganic perovskites have shown attractive optoelectronic properties with increased thermal stability and resistance to humidity compared to their hybrid counterparts.

For the fabrication of highly efficient perovskite solar cell devices, electron transport layer (ETL) and hole transport layer (HTL) are often employed to facilitate the collection of photoexcited electrons and holes before they recombine. In a typical setting, TiO<sub>2</sub> serving as ETL and Spiro-OMeTAD serving as HTL have appropriate band alignment with the perovskite optical layer, leading to better charge separation and recombination resistance. For practical applications, the electric fields generated by the electrodes can affect the electronic properties of solar cells. 
<ul>
<li><b>Perovskite solar cells</b>: We study a thin film composed of cesium lead halide perovskite slab interfacing with electron and hole transport layers, relevant to the practical solar cell architecture. </li>

<li><b>External electric fields</b>: We apply external electric fields normal to the surface of the perovskite slab and explore how they affect the optoelectronic properties and charge carrier dynamics of the thin film.</li>

<li><b>First-principles calculations</b>: We use density functional theory to calculate the electronic structures. We also investigate the effect of external electric field strengths onto charge carrier dynamics upon photoexcitation. The charge carrier dynamics providing rates of electron and hole relaxation and relaxation pathways are calculated by using reduced density matrix in the formalism of Redfield theory.</li>

<li><b>Main findings</b>: We find that the strengths of electric fields can modulate optoelectronic properties of the thin film. For the unperturbed system, the HO orbital is localized on HTL and the LU orbital is localized on ETL. The applied external fields ranging from 50 to −100 meV/Å are small enough to retain the spatial separation of frontier orbitals. The bandgap increases linearly, and the conductivity diminishes exponentially with decreasing electric field strengths. Our results show that holes have longer lifetimes than electrons. It is also found that the patterns of charge carrier dynamics depend on the direction of external electric fields. Specifically, in comparison with the system under zero field, our findings show that (i) the positive electric field facilitates the relaxation of electrons and holes and (ii) the negative electric field facilitates the relaxation of electrons but inhibits the relaxation of holes.</li>
</ul>

<div class="row">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/perovskite-fig.jpeg" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-0" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    Nonadiabatic relaxation dynamics of the atomistic model with zero external electric field. The initial excitation is HO-7 → LU+11. <b>(a)</b>: Distribution of charge as a function of energy and time. <b>(b)</b>: Spatial distribution of charge as a function of time. Z is the length of the simulation cell along the Z-axis. Z = 0 represents the center of the simulation cell. Dashed (electron) and solid (hole) lines indicate expectation values for energy in <b>(a)</b> and for space in <b>(b)</b>. The color codes red, green, and blue represent the distribution for gain, no change, and loss, respectively, relative to the equilibrium distribution. The offset between solid and dashed lines in <b>(b)</b> corresponds to the electric dipole. The dipole is responsible for the intrinsic electric field, which can work against the external electric field. <b>(c–e)</b>: Projection of representative orbitals on the Z-axis. <b>(f)</b> Atomistic structure scaled with Z in <b>(c–e)</b>.
</div>

Reference:

Y. Han, D. S. Kilin. Nonradiative Relaxation Dynamics of a Cesium Lead Halide Perovskite Photovoltaic Architecture: Effect of External Electric Fields. <a href='https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.jpclett.0c02973'>J. Phys. Chem. Lett. 2020, 11, 23, 9983-9989.</a>
